README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `pages/index.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

[API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) can be accessed on [http://localhost:3000/api/hello](http://localhost:3000/api/hello). This endpoint can be edited in `pages/api/hello.js`.

The `pages/api` directory is mapped to `/api/*`. Files in this directory are treated as [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) instead of React pages.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

readme and build:serve command

README.md, after:

# Troy's Next JS / TS Template
The original `create-next-app` documentation is included as `README.next.md`.
See the [Next.js documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/getting-started) to learn more about Next.
## Setup
1. clone the repo
1. `yarn` to install packages
1. edit the meta properties
    - name, version, description, author, and deploy command in package.json
    - title and meta description in `src/components/meta/Head.tsx`
    - change the favicon in the `public`

## Running Locally
There are 2 ways to run the app locally:

- `yarn dev`
- `yarn build:serve`

`dev` uses a `development` next.js' dev configuration. This is what should be used for regular development (defaults to port 3000).

`build:serve` runs the `build` command to create a production build of the app, then serves that build via a local server (defaults to port 3003). This should be used for things like lighthouse score, etc. You can modify the port used by modifying the value after the `-p` flag for the `build:serve` command in `package.json`.

## Storybook
Storybook is TODO

## Deploying
Before deploying, run `yarn build` to make a production build of your app, then follow the [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) to deploy on Vercel. 

## TODOs
1. Configure storybook and storybook commands
1. Investigate custom `deploy` command to automate more of the deployment process
